Configuration Cleanup for beta release (#495)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-instrumentation: docs/internal/config.md

# Configuration

> This document describes configuration settings not generally needed by consumers of this library but still require documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document lists advanced configuration settings rarely changed by users.
```
